Prepare for TF review: `video` element visual-only content has accessible alternative (c3232f) (#1404)
act-rules/act-rules.github.io: _rules/video-only-transcript-ee13b5.md

#### Failed Example 1

> This `video` element, which has no audio, has an incorrect text transcript available on the same page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This `video` element, which has no audio, has a transcript which does not convey information included in the video-only content. The transcript is available through a link on the same page.
```
